Add CPS ML datafeed troubleshooting docs for serverless (#7403)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/_snippets/cps-limitations-core.md

- **Maximum of 20 linked projects:** Each origin project can have up to 20 linked projects. A linked project can be associated with any number of origin projects.
- **System indices:** Indices such as `.security` and `.fleet-*` are excluded from {{cps}} results by design.
- **New projects only:** During technical preview, only newly created projects can function as origin projects.

> - **{{anomaly-detect-cap}}:** {{anomaly-jobs}} can search linked projects. Set the {{dfeed}} scope with `project_routing`. Jobs migrated from before {{cps-init}} keep origin-only scope (`_alias:_origin`). Refer to [Troubleshoot {{cps}} {{dfeeds}}](/troubleshoot/elasticsearch/machine-learning-cps.md).

Reviewer: I think we need to focus on the limitation in this context

```suggestion
- **{{anomaly-detect-cap}}:** {{anomaly-jobs}} created before {{cps-init}} was enabled default to origin-only scope (`_alias:_origin`) and must be manually updated to search linked projects. Refer to [Troubleshoot {{cps}} {{dfeeds}}](/troubleshoot/elasticsearch/machine-learning-cps.md).
```

Reviewer: this one might also need to be refactored when we have best practices and considerations closer to the anomaly detection content - consider removing for now

Author: Done in 2dc81b8b3 — bullet now focuses on pre-CPS legacy origin-only scope + troubleshooting link.

Author: Kept the rewritten limitation bullet for now rather than removing; happy to drop it in #7814 if that PR adds a better home.

> - **Transforms:** Transforms are not supported with {{cps-init}}. They continue to run on origin project data only.

Author: I'll let this be changed as part of the transform related update.
